Update Tutorial for Sandbox + Xcode 13 (#1973)
apollographql/apollo-ios: docs/source/tutorial/tutorial-detail-view.md

Create a new empty file and name it `LaunchDetails.graphql`. In this file, you'll add the details you want to display in the detail view. First, you'll want to go back to [your Sandbox](https://studio.apollographql.com/sandbox/explorer?endpoint=https%3A%2F%2Fapollo-fullstack-tutorial.herokuapp.com) and make sure that your query works!

In the Explorer tab, start by clicking the "New Tab" button in the middle operations section: 

<img alt="the new tab button" class="screenshot" src="images/explorer_new_tab.png"/>

A new tab will be added with nothing in it: 

<img alt="The UI after adding a new tab" class="screenshot" src="images/explorer_added_empty_tab.png"/>

In the left-hand column, click the word "Query" under "Documentation" to be brought to a list of possible queries: 

<img alt="The list of possible queries" class="screenshot" src="images/explorer_query_list.png"/>

Select the `launch` query by clicking the button next to it. Sandbox Explorer will automatically set up the query for you to use: 

<img alt="What the launch query will look like immediately after adding it" class="screenshot" src="images/explorer_launch_query_start.png"/>

> First, change the name of the operation from "Query" to "Launch Details" - that will then reflect in the tab name and make it easier to tell which query you're working with:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, change the name of the operation from "Query" to "LaunchDetails" - that will then reflect in the tab name and make it easier to tell which query you're working with:  
```
No bueno with the space in the query name.

- Within that operation, we make a call to the `launch` query. The `id` is the argument the query is expecting, and the `$launchId` is the name of the parameter we just passed in the line above. 
- Again, there's blank space for you to add the fields you want to get details for on the returned object, which in this case is a `Launch`. 
- Finally, at the bottom, the "Variables" section of the Operations panel has been expanded, and a dictionary has been added with a key of `"launchId"`. At runtime, this will be used to fill in the blank of the `$launchId` parameter. 

> Note: GraphQL's assumptions about nullability are different from Swift's. In Swift, if you don't annotate a property's type with either a question mark or an exclamation point, that property is non-nullable.
>
> In GraphQL, if you don't annotate a field's type with an exclamation point, that field is considered *nullable*. This is because GraphQL fields are **nullable by default**.
>
> Keep this difference in mind when you switch between editing Swift and GraphQL files.

> Now, switch back to Sandbox Explorer. Start by using the checkboxes or typing to add the properties you're already requesting in the `LaunchList` query. One difference: Use `LARGE` for the mission patch size since the patch will be displayed in a much larger `ImageView`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, switch back to Sandbox Explorer. Start by using the checkboxes or typing to add the properties you're already requesting in the `LaunchDetails` query. One difference: Use `LARGE` for the mission patch size since the patch will be displayed in a much larger `ImageView`:
```
Looks like a copy-paste mistake.

Author: Nope, it's referring to adding the same properties that are in the LaunchList query to the LaunchDetails query (Fragments will be covered in a planned later chapter)

                        .joined(separator: "\n")
        self.showAlert(title: "GraphQL Error(s)",
                       message: message)
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Finally, update the `didSet` for `launchID` to load the launch details if we don't already have them: 

```swift:title=DetailViewController.swift
var launchID: GraphQLID? {
  didSet {
    self.loadLaunchDetails()
  }
}
```

and add a `didSet` on the `launch` property to load the UI once the launch is actually loaded. 

```swift:title=DetailViewController.swift
private var launch: LaunchDetailsQuery.Data.Launch? {
  didSet {
    self.configureView()
  }
}
```

Build and run the application. When you tap into the detail screen, you should now see the full details: 

<img src="images/detail_loaded.png" alt="Final display of the detail screen" class="screenshot" width="300"/>

You'll notice that many of the more recent launches have a rocket type of `FT`. If you load more launches until you get to the end of the list, you'll get to some rockets that have different rocket types: 

<img src="images/detail_loaded_merlin_c.png" alt="Final display with different rocket type" class="screenshot" width="300"/>

> You may have noticed that the detail view includes a `Book Now!` button, but there's no way to book a seat yet. To fix that, let's [learn how to make changes to objects in your graph with mutations](./tutorial-mutations).

Reviewer: This is Step 6 of the tutorial but this "mutations" link jumps to Step 8; the "Next" link below this content still correctly goes to Step 7.

Author: Great catch, leftover from before that got broken out.
